In the last lecture we learned how we can dynamically set styles.
You're with the bind style.
We can also dynamically said C-s as classes.
So what we can do here is we can define a new C S S class here and there could be updated and I want
to attach this class to my name here.
If we did change it.
So that's a normal C S S class definition.
And here I simply want to set the color to white boobs like this.
And the background color again normalcy is as code here.
Maybe two yellow now and one to attach just updated the class to this paragraph but only if we did update
it.
So I can again use the bind and Nele class and here just like we bind style.
This takes a javascript object on does object.
We now define as a property name which C has as Class B 1 to append so updated in this case.
You could also put this into single quotation marks if you were using forbidden characters like the
dash in the C S S name.
And then as a value we have a condition which should be true or false.
Deciding whether this is added or not.
So here I'll just use the same condition as here where I showed this paragraph checking if the name
has been changed.
So this gives you back false or true.
If I couldn't hit Control enter and then click Change name.
Now it's yellow and white.
So not very readable I guess.
But you can clearly see that it did change this just because we updated the name.